{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hey Lizzie,\
\
I attached some code for some of the examples in the book that I've already\
worked on (not the whole book unfortunately). It's still pretty rough (so\
no guarantees yet!). It's not the prettiest code yet either.\
\
I'm not sure what's going on with your student's stan_glm error. They\
should probably try installing rstanarm from GitHub, but they will need to\
have their c++ toolchain setup correctly for that. If they already have\
rstan installed that's probably already set up. But first I would check\
that they can indeed compile and run a program using rstan, e.g.:\
\
library(rstan)\
fit <- stan_demo("eight_schools")\
\
Does that compile and run? (there will be warnings about divergences, but\
it should still run)\
\
If they can run that rstan demo successfully then they should be able to\
install rstanarm from GitHub like this:\
\
if (!require(devtools)) \{\
install.packages("devtools")\
library(devtools)\
\}\
install_github("stan-dev/rstanarm", args = "--preclean",\
build_vignettes = FALSE)\
\
\
On Tue, Sep 19, 2017 at 11:17 AM, Elizabeth Wolkovich <\
lizzie@oeb.harvard.edu> wrote:\
\
> Hi Jonah,\
>\
> Just a friendly reminder to send the book code when you can! (And any\
> thoughts on my student's stan_glm error if you have them.)\
>\
> Thanks,\
> Lizzie\
>\
> On 9/18/17 5:32 PM, Jonah Sol Gabry wrote:\
>\
>> Hmm, when I run that code I do get the message "trying deprecated\
>> constructor; please alert package maintainer" but it still runs\
>> successfully. What version of rstanarm and rstan is your student using? And\
>> is it Mac, Windows, or Linux?\
>>\
>> I'm on my phone and away from my computer for a few hours but I'll be\
>> able to send you some code for the book later tonight. (If I forget please\
>> don't hesitate to pester me about it.)\
>>\
>> Jonah\
>>}